docs/index.mdx, before:

# Complete Flutter Course Bundle - Documentation

> **Note**: This site is a work-in-progress. More pages will be added as I make progress with the course.

This is the documentation website for the Flutter eCommerce app that we will build as part of my [Complete Flutter Course Bundle](https://codewithandrea.com/courses/complete-flutter-bundle/).

## FAQ

If you're just getting started with the course, you may run into issues when running the starter project.

These are often compile errors related to the **gradle** and **cocoapods** configuration.

To find answers, head over to the FAQ in the sidebar.

## Articles & Reference Guides

I often publish in-depth articles that are a great complement to the course lessons.

You can find links to them in the sidebar.

## Flutter Web Demo

A Flutter web build of the completed app is available at this link:

- [Flutter eCommerce Demo App](https://my-shop-ecommerce-stg.web.app/)

This is intended as a **reference eCommerce app** for viewing and purchasing products, and includes the following features:

- Products List
- Product Page
- Product Reviews
- Shopping Cart
- Checkout using Stripe
- Orders List
- Sign in & sign out flows
- Admin pages (manage products and orders)

### Flutter Client

The demo includes a Flutter app that runs on iOS, Android and web.

The **primary** packages in use by the reference app are:

- [`flutter_riverpod`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_riverpod) and [`freezed`](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed) for state management
- [`go_router`](https://pub.dev/packages/go_router) for navigation and routing
- [`flutter_stripe`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_stripe), [`flutter_stripe_web`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_stripe_web) and [`pay`](https://pub.dev/packages/pay) for payments
- [`sembast`](https://pub.dev/packages/sembast) and [`sembast_web`](https://pub.dev/packages/sembast_web) for local data persistence
- [`firebase_auth`](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_auth)
- [`cloud_firestore`](https://pub.dev/packages/cloud_firestore)
- [`cloud_functions`](https://pub.dev/packages/cloud_functions)
- [`flutter_layout_grid`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_layout_grid) for layouts based on CSS-grid
- [`cached_network_image`](cached_network_image) to show images from the Internet and keep them in the cache directory
- [`mocktail`](https://pub.dev/packages/mocktail) for testing


### Architecture

The client app uses the controller-service-repository pattern and defines four layers:

- **Data layer** using **repositories** to access to the outside world (Firebase) and expose data classes to the rest of the app via Futures and Streams
- **Domain layer** containing all the **models/entities** needed by the app, along with the business logic to manipulate them
- **Application layer** using **service** classes to mediate between the repositories and the levels below
- **Presentation layer** containing the **widgets** along with the **controllers** that manipulate their state and call APIs from the layers above

Commit message:

Add note about "Error: ADB exited with exit code 1 Performing Streamed Install"

docs/index.mdx, after:

# Complete Flutter Course Bundle - Documentation

> **Note**: This site is a work-in-progress. More pages will be added as I make progress with the course.

This is the documentation website for the Flutter eCommerce app that we will build as part of my [Complete Flutter Course Bundle](https://codewithandrea.com/courses/complete-flutter-bundle/).

## FAQ

This section contains answers to common issues regarding:

- Getting the **starter project** to run
- **Android emulator** and **gradle** issues
- **Cocoapods** and running on iOS/macOS

Head over to sidebar to read all the FAQs.

## Articles & Reference Guides

I often publish in-depth articles that are a great complement to the course lessons.

You can find links to them in the sidebar.

## Flutter Web Demo

A Flutter web build of the completed app is available at this link:

- [Flutter eCommerce Demo App](https://my-shop-ecommerce-stg.web.app/)

This is intended as a **reference eCommerce app** for viewing and purchasing products, and includes the following features:

- Products List
- Product Page
- Product Reviews
- Shopping Cart
- Checkout using Stripe
- Orders List
- Sign in & sign out flows
- Admin pages (manage products and orders)

### Flutter Client

The demo includes a Flutter app that runs on iOS, Android and web.

The **primary** packages in use by the reference app are:

- [`flutter_riverpod`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_riverpod) and [`freezed`](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed) for state management
- [`go_router`](https://pub.dev/packages/go_router) for navigation and routing
- [`flutter_stripe`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_stripe), [`flutter_stripe_web`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_stripe_web) and [`pay`](https://pub.dev/packages/pay) for payments
- [`sembast`](https://pub.dev/packages/sembast) and [`sembast_web`](https://pub.dev/packages/sembast_web) for local data persistence
- [`firebase_auth`](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_auth)
- [`cloud_firestore`](https://pub.dev/packages/cloud_firestore)
- [`cloud_functions`](https://pub.dev/packages/cloud_functions)
- [`flutter_layout_grid`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_layout_grid) for layouts based on CSS-grid
- [`cached_network_image`](cached_network_image) to show images from the Internet and keep them in the cache directory
- [`mocktail`](https://pub.dev/packages/mocktail) for testing


### Architecture

The client app uses the controller-service-repository pattern and defines four layers:

- **Data layer** using **repositories** to access to the outside world (Firebase) and expose data classes to the rest of the app via Futures and Streams
- **Domain layer** containing all the **models/entities** needed by the app, along with the business logic to manipulate them
- **Application layer** using **service** classes to mediate between the repositories and the levels below
- **Presentation layer** containing the **widgets** along with the **controllers** that manipulate their state and call APIs from the layers above
